and still on youtube plus a video
premier league partnership open games one
tutorial on how to make a pendrive
was 28 points 28.1 before
start studying a little road our
youtube channel on the buoys league
Let's write, it's got lots of fun.
tutorials games on our website that also
yesterday games dot net.br has several
stonehenge
your android and linux
very cool staff but let's go there because
It matters to make a super dry voted as
enter the command of a disk itself
party down list volume will show throne
all your drives drives your hd all a lot
careful not selected wrong for not
pay wrong thing here from sister's
select volume and the corresponding number
from your pendrive that in my case here I
57.5 what volume is selected to send
a volume let the rock was very hard
chosen with this
now is the secret, let's give a
convert jpt was converted with this
now customer
in maria
was created with this format fs same does
32 and informative next to your pendrive
lab is an equal to the opens quotation marks here is the
name will get a pen drive or put
here on 28 date quotes
the kit that fast formatting is only
wait for 100% of the beauty done that's it
ready now only you enter only this is one
windows 8 dvd will give a control or
account and stayed there inside the pen drive
ending the file copy is
buying your changeable pendrive and then
people have nothing to copy is just you
restart your computer to put ships there
to search for pen drive or squeezing
ef to choose the pendrive installation
windows 8
any doubt suggestion of this
comment on youtube channel and site
that it was responding that this management of
new video, but we already have
prepare to make the video there nice
Thank you, is this one until the next?